README.md, before:

# Welcome to the DGG Political Action Repository

This is a repository of information, made by and for the DGG Political Action group.

## How to use this repository

You can look under the `Guides` or `Talking Points`, to see articles contributors have made to help you in convincing others to stand up for Democracy and how to converse to fight for what we stand for.

## Contributing Guide
### Setup the vault

1. Setup a Github account if you don't already have one
2. Install Obsidian, you can find the download page [here](https://obsidian.md/download)
3. Install [Git](https://github.com/git-guides/install-git)
4. I'd recommend also installing the Github CLI [gh](https://cli.github.com/) for logging into Github with git
	1. After install `gh` and `git`, you may need to restart your computer for your path to update
	2. Open a terminal, login to Github with `gh auth login`, you should see a code that you need to copy and then hit <Enter> to open the URL in your browser, logging in with your Github account then paste the code, then hit allow
	3. run `gh auth setup-git` to setup your git with Github
5. Clone the repository by running `gh repo clone linkion/dgg-talking-points-repo` or `git clone https://github.com/linkion/dgg-talking-points-repo.git` in your terminal inside the folder you want the repo folder to be created
6. Open up Obsidian and open the repo with the "Open folder as vault" button.

### Begin writing!

To begin writing:
1. open the Obsidian Vault
2. Create a contributor profile under `Contributors` for yourself, with the note name being your name
3. Right click a folder you want to begin writing in, and hit `New Note` ![[Screenshot 2025-06-15 at 7.24.47 PM.png]]
4. A template should be automaticaly applied with some properties, a Lorem Ipsum, and some footnotes
5. Go ahead and write away, paste what you want, and be sure at the end to apply some tags that you think are relevant to your article

### Upload your contributions!

You'll need to request permissions from Patrick (_linkion) on discord to begin pushing your changes!

TODO

Commit message:

Update README for uploading your contribution

README.md, after:

# Welcome to the DGG Political Action Repository

This is a repository of information, made by and for the DGG Political Action group.

## How to use this repository

You can look under the `Guides` or `Talking Points`, to see articles contributors have made to help you in convincing others to stand up for Democracy and how to converse to fight for what we stand for.

## Contributing Guide
### Setup the vault

1. Setup a Github account if you don't already have one
2. Install Obsidian, you can find the download page [here](https://obsidian.md/download)
3. Install [Git](https://github.com/git-guides/install-git)
4. I'd recommend also installing the Github CLI [gh](https://cli.github.com/) for logging into Github with git
	1. After install `gh` and `git`, you may need to restart your computer for your path to update
	2. Open a terminal, login to Github with `gh auth login`, you should see a code that you need to copy and then hit <Enter> to open the URL in your browser, logging in with your Github account then paste the code, then hit allow
	3. run `gh auth setup-git` to setup your git with Github
5. Clone the repository by running `gh repo clone linkion/dgg-talking-points-repo` or `git clone https://github.com/linkion/dgg-talking-points-repo.git` in your terminal inside the folder you want the repo folder to be created
6. Open up Obsidian and open the repo with the "Open folder as vault" button.

### Begin writing!

To begin writing:
1. open the Obsidian Vault
2. Create a contributor profile under `Contributors` for yourself, with the note name being your name
3. Right click a folder you want to begin writing in, and hit `New Note` ![[Screenshot 2025-06-15 at 7.24.47 PM.png]]
4. A template should be automaticaly applied with some properties, a Lorem Ipsum, and some footnotes
5. Go ahead and write away, paste what you want, and be sure at the end to apply some tags that you think are relevant to your article

### Upload your contributions!

You'll need to request permissions from Patrick (_linkion) on discord to begin pushing your changes!

1. Make sure you have `git` and `gh` setup, and that you are made a contributor on the Github Repo by Patrick
2. After making your change, open the Git Source Control Panel ![[Screenshot 2025-06-15 at 7.54.53 PM.png]]
3. Stage the changes that you'd like to publish
4. Write your commit message, describing your changes in a short sentence![[Screenshot 2025-06-15 at 7.56.30 PM.png]]
